Add faq content to portal guide (#664)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: src/content/guides/farmlands-portal-introduction.mdx

![Centrapay business portal settings page](/centrapay-portal-settings.png)

## FAQs

> - **What do we do if a customer returns one or more items, and the invoice has already been sent to Farmlands?**

Reviewer: @IsaacMurtagh FYI that not using a heading means we won't be able to link readers directly to specific questions (Astro will not generate anchors for them)

Author: Yep, but the sidebar grows very large if they're headings because the questions are quite long.

    Raise a credit note as normal and insert the original authorisation short code on the invoice. This will enable us to identify the original invoice and customer account details.

- **What do we do if the customer cancels their order after we have sent the invoice to Farmlands?**

    Raise a credit note as normal and insert the original authorisation short code on the invoice. This will enable us to identify the original invoice and customer account details.

> - **What do we do if the customer cancels their order before**

Reviewer 2: Is this question incomplete?

Author: Yes it is, nice spot - I'll find out what it's meant to be

>     If the entire order has been cancelled, release the hold on the customer’s funds via the Portal. There is no requirement to send an invoice to Farmlands.

Reviewer 3: Not a now thing but it would be nice for these to link to parts of the portal guide. E.g. "release the hold on the customer's funds" could link to a section showing how to do a release.

Author: I'll catch up with design - Reason I didn't is the ToC sidebar gets extremely long - might want a way to have an anchor tag without it showing up in ToC

    Invoices received after 31 days and up to 3 months will be processed in good faith however, if the associated Farmlands Account has been closed, you will be advised to contact the customer for another form of payment.

    If you are concerned, **re-authorise the transaction especially prior to fulfilling a back order if it is over 31 days since originally authorised.**

- **We received a message on the Portal stating the “Barcode is invalid.” What does this mean?**

    The Card number being entered is either not a valid number or the Card being presented is no longer active on the Farmlands system. Check the correct Card number has been entered or request another method of payment.

- **How do I manage who has access to the Authorisation Portal?**

    User management and access is at the discretion of the Card Partner.

- **We have a regular customer. Do we still need to obtain an authorisation?**

    All sales where a Farmlands Card has been provided as payment require an authorisation prior to submitting an invoice to Farmlands.

>     If you hold your customer’s Farmlands’ Card number on file and have their permission to charge this on a recurring basis, please select the option to flag the Card is not present at the time of sale.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    If you hold your customer’s Farmlands’ Card number on file and have their permission to charge this on a recurring basis, please select the 'Cardholder Not Present' option at the time of sale.
```

Reviewer 3: I like this suggestion.
